hello everyone so I'm currently on my
Christmas holiday from uni wait works
did I just refer to it as a holiday
sorry I meant time away from Cambridge
this is not referred to as a holiday at
all I've got a ton of work to do in true
Cambridge fashion and I've been trying
to fit in a few hours of studying every
day and so without further ado here's
what I got up to on one of my study days
first thing I did was obviously write a
to-do list so I knew what I needed to
complete that day by the time I got
started it was already about 10:00 a.m.
I've been letting myself flying in the
past few weeks because I've had so many
early mornings over the course of last
term and I want to allow myself to catch
up on sleep as I've mentioned before I'm
a regular user of flashcards so I got
out my flash cards or my vector calculus
work from last term and went over the
lecture notes on that part of the course
this course content was covered in
lectures quite a few weeks ago now and
I've got to say I've forgotten quite a
lot of it so I thought it would be good
to refresh myself on it before
attempting some questions
[Music]
then I got a past exam paper upped for
my math module and looked for the
questions which were on the content I
just been revising in exam conditions
with my notes put to one side I
attempted some of the questions this was
a really good test of my understanding
of this part of the course it's all well
and good being able to recall the
content of the lecture notes but being
able to apply techniques to questions in
practice is another case entirely
practicing questions in exam conditions
is so important and it's something I did
not do enough of last year at half 1 I
decided to take a lunch break and pause
my practice questions for a while I got
up Netflix and watched part of a
Christmas film then it was time to
return to my work and to the same
questions I'd been doing beforehand as I
went on I was starting to become more
and more confident with the questions on
this topic the more questions I
attempted the better I became at
answering them maths is definitely a
subject where practice makes perfect
applies more than ever I got our a
colored pen to mark my work I am very
fortunate to have access to worked
answers for this particular module so I
could go through and compare my workings
to the model answer however I took care
to do this only after I've made my best
attempt at the question it was really
useful to see where I'd gone wrong so I
didn't make the same mistakes in the
future I was pleasantly surprised with
how well I did with my attempts at the
questions I'm no master of vector
calculus but taking the time to focus on
this topic had really really helped
at this point it was time to move on to
a different Maps topic and do some
focused work on it this blue folder is
my designated folder for maps and so I
filed away the lecture notes I was no
longer using and got out the new ones
that I needed I do all my work at uni on
paper so it can get disorganized if I
don't keep it all filed away neatly I
have a lever arch file for every one of
my modules that I'm taking at unique
this year repeating the same process as
before I went over my lecture notes and
flashcards on partial differential
equations this section of the course was
a lot shorter so it didn't take me as
much time to go through these lecture
notes I went through the same past exam
papers as earlier but this time looked
for the questions on partial
differential equations and answered
those these questions in particular tend
to be quite repetitive so whilst they
made quite a lot of mistakes at first I
soon had a very good idea of the same
process I needed to follow each time I
took a break from work to cook and eat
my dinner just to clarify my dinner did
not solely consists of french fries I
had chicken and salad and lots of other
tasty stuff too
[Music]
after dinner I got back to my practice
exam questions I had a song in my head
and I was in quite a good mood I just
can't I just can't I just can't control
my beat it's on time-lapse oh wait no
it's not it's actually filming hey
that'll be some fun footage yeah thanks
for that page now back to work I
continued with the past exam paper
questions I like to write in pencil when
I do these questions because I get
worried I'm going to make a mistake and
I want my notes to look as tidy as
possible being able to use an eraser to
rub work out makes life a lot less
stressful I just don't like the idea of
crossing things out in pens I know it
sounds bizarre but we all have our
quirks this is definitely one of the
less desirable traits of a perfectionist
and now introducing my pink folder for
my physics B module the last task on my
to-do list was to go over some of the
problem sets I've done for the
electromagnetism course during term time
I was looking to identify my key areas
of weakness in this module so that I can
focus my revision over the next few days
I looked over my work solutions to the
questions and made notes of the ones I
did not get correct first time around
[Music]
at this point it was time to finish work
for the day I've completed the tasks I
wanted to get done so as far as I'm
concerned it was a successful study day
I tidied up all my papers and my pencil
case thank you for watching this video
I hope everyone had a good Christmas
comment down below if you've been
studying over the holiday - to make me
feel better about it and know that I'm
not the only one we're all in this
together I would really appreciate if
you'd give the video a like and
subscribe to my channel to see more
videos from me and be sure to follow me
on my Instagram as well a link is in the
description and I'll see you soon with
another video bye
you